Tags:documentation 
[[installation|Installation]] | [[editing|Editing pages]] | [[themes|Themes]] | [[theme style reference|Theme styling]]

==Editing pages==

==Users==
If you using the standard

==Connections==
Roadkill stores all of its data inside a SQL Server database (it also supports mySQL, Oracle and SQLite). The connection 
string for this database is set using the "Roadkill" connection string in the web.config. If you do not have access to a 
SQL Server instance, you can use the ASP.NET user instance connection string format. To do this, first of all ensure that
the App_Data folder has the "roadkill.mdf" file in it, which comes as part of the download.



You should then set the connection string to the following:


<pre>
&lt;add name="Roadkill" connectionString="Server=.\SQLExpress;AttachDbFilename=|DataDirectory|\roadkill.mdf;Integrated Security=True;User Instance=True" /&gt;
</pre>


The alternative is to use a SQL Express or SQL Server Professional database and setup the connection string to something similar to:


<pre>
&lt;add name="Roadkill" connectionString="database=Roadkill;server=.\SQLEXPRESS;integrated security=SSPI;" /&gt;
</pre>


You will need firstly create the database you specify for this.


==User roles==
Roadkill has just two types of user roles: standard users and admins. The only difference between the two is that
users who belong to the admin role can access the site settings page, and delete pages.


You set the name of this role using the "Roadkill-AdminGroup" setting in the web.config file.


==User providers==
Roadkill comes with two ways to its users and roles: 

===ASP.NET provider===
This stores all of your usernames, passwords and roles in a database. This database is either in the App_Data folder 
or in a SQL Server database, depending on your "AspNetSqlMembershipProvider.connectionStringName" property.

The first installation of Roadkill will create the admin role and assign your first user with this role. The name of
this is set in the installer and stored in "Roadkill-AdminGroup" setting in the web.config. If you decide to change
the name of the role later, you will need to manually add all users that you want as admins to this new role.

===Active Directory provider===
All of your usernames,passwords and roles come from a Microsoft Active Directory server. Users will be automatically
authenticated against this directory by IIS. Their username is then provided to roadkill. Users that are inside the
"Roadkill-AdminGroup" will automatically be given admin rights on the site.


If you didn't enable Active Directory in the installer, there are three settings you need to manually change in the web.config. 
Firstly make sure you have an connection string called ActiveDirectory declared in the connection strings section, and change
the LDAP settings to your active directory's DNS entry:


<pre>
&lt;add name="ActiveDirectory" connectionString="LDAP://DC=Domain,DC=com"/&gt;
</pre>


Secondly, change the membership section of the web.config file. This reads from your Active Directory using the account that the 
web application process is running under. This usually has enough permissions to read from Active Directory.


<pre>
&lt;membership&gt;
	&lt;!-- See http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.web.security.activedirectorymembershipprovider.aspx --&gt;
	&lt;providers&gt;
		&lt;add name="AspNetActiveDirectoryMembershipProvider" 
					type="System.Web.Security.ActiveDirectoryMembershipProvider"
					connectionStringName="ActiveDirectory"
					/&gt;
	&lt;/providers&gt;
&lt;/membership&gt;
</pre>


Lastly, replace the roleManager section of the web.config file as shown below. Configure this to add or remove any users as necessary. 
Bare in mind however, that the users being ignored here will still get permission to add new pages and edit existing pages - which is the 
anonymous nature of wikis. This may change in future to include a new "editor" role so this is restricted.


<pre>
&lt;roleManager enabled="true" defaultProvider="ActiveDirectoryRoleProvider"&gt;
	&lt;providers&gt;
		&lt;clear/&gt;
		&lt;add applicationName="roadkill"
			name="ActiveDirectoryRoleProvider"
			type="Roadkill.Core.ActiveDirectoryRoleProvider,RoadKill.Core"
			activeDirectoryConnectionString="ActiveDirectory"
			groupMode="Additive"
			groupsToUse="Developers"
			groupsToIgnore="Senior Management"
			usersToIgnore="jsmith, pjones"/&gt;
	&lt;/providers&gt;
&lt;/roleManager&gt;
</pre>

If you are part of another forest, you should specify your local DNS name rather than the main forest name. All requests should 
automatically forward this way.

==Exporting/backing up the site==
The site settings page allows you to export your site data in an easy to use XML format. Clicking the export button in the Export
section to do this. An import facility will be part of Roadkill in the coming months.

==Markup types==
Roadkill enables you to edit your Wiki in three different flavours of markup language:

* [[http://www.wikicreole.org|Creole Wiki]]
* [[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown|Markdown]]
* [[http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Formatting|Media Wiki format]]

It is recommended that you keep with Creole Wiki format as this is best supported by the platform. The WYSIWYG editor is fairly experimental 
for the other two formats, and only a subset of the Media Wiki features are supported.

The markup format can be set in the "Roadkill-MarkupType" setting in the web.config.

