When creating a theme, you get the following CSS classes available to you so the site adheres to the DRY principle:

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>.biggest</td>
		<td class="biggest">An font size for long sighted.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.bigger</td>
		<td class="bigger">Even bigger font size (1.2em)</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.big</td>
		<td class="big">Slightly (1.1 em) larger font</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.normal</td>
		<td class="normal">The default browser font size</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.small</td>
		<td class="small">Slightly smaller than the default font size</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.smaller</td>
		<td class="smaller">Even smaller font size</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.smallest</td>
		<td class="smallest">A wee little font</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.bold</td>
		<td class="bold">Bolded font weight</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.italic</td>
		<td class="italic">Italicised font</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.dimmed</td>
		<td>Sets the opacity of the element to 50% <span class="dimmed">(example)</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.left</td>
		<td>Floats the block level element to the left.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.right</td>
		<td>Floats the block level element to the right.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.rounded</td>
		<td>Gives the element rounded edges, in Chrome/Safari and Firefox.<span class="rounded blueborder">example</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.rounded5</td>
		<td>Gives the element 5px rounded edges, in Chrome/Safari and Firefox.<span class="rounded5 blueborder">example</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.rounded10</td>
		<td>Gives the element 10px rounded edges, in Chrome/Safari and Firefox.<span class="rounded10 blueborder">example</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.blueborder</td>
		<td>Gives the element a <span class="blueborder">blue border</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.lightborder</td>
		<td>Gives the element a <span class="lightborder">light grey border</span> like the borders found on the edit and history buttons.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>.clear</td>
		<td>Clears both left and right floating elements (clear:both)</td>
	</tr>
</table>


There are also a number of IDs declared globally, so when creating a theme you may need to check the roadkill.css file to ensure there are 
no name clashes. If in doubt, it is best to use "#yourtheme-idname". Roadkill defines the following styles globally, rather than on a per-theme basis:

* All tables, for example the table on the page history page
* The edit, history and page information buttons
* Modal dialogs
* The edit page textboxes and buttons
* The login page textboxes and buttons

You can of course change these if you wish by editing the "/Assets/CSS/roadkill.css file", however when you come to upgrade you may get issues from this.